Docs/init integrations (#348)
it-at-m/refarch: docs/integrations/cosys.md

> # CoSys Integration

Reviewer: Adjust naming of "CoSys" here

Author: See above

> Integration for creating documents with [coSys](https://www.cib.de/cosys/). Uses s3-integration for file handling.

Reviewer: Would change `s3-integration` to a clickable link.

</dependencies>
```

> and a [s3-integration starter](./s3.md#usage).

Reviewer: I'd formulate a whole sentence here. Something like
```suggestion
Additionally the dependency `s3-integration starter` is required, because ... . To setup the `s3-integration-starter` please see [its documentation](./s3.md#usage).
```

Author: My suggestion:

```md
Additionaly, an s3-integration starter is required as dependency, because S3 is used for file handling.
See [according documentation](./s3.md#usage).
```

Reviewer: Let's use:
```suggestion
Additionally, an `s3-integration-starter` is required as dependency, because S3 is used for file handling.
See [according documentation](./s3.md#usage).
```
